---
title: danog\MadelineProto\Settings\DatabaseAbstract: Base class for storage backends.
description: 

---
# `danog\MadelineProto\Settings\DatabaseAbstract`
[Back to index](../../../index.md)

> Author: Daniil Gentili <daniil@daniil.it>  
  

Base class for storage backends.  




## Method list:
* `getEnableFileReferenceDb(): bool`
* `setEnableFileReferenceDb(bool $enableFileReferenceDb): self`
* `getEnableMinDb(): bool`
* `setEnableMinDb(bool $enableMinDb): self`
* `getEnableUsernameDb(): bool`
* `setEnableUsernameDb(bool $enableUsernameDb): self`
* `getEnableFullPeerDb(): bool`
* `setEnableFullPeerDb(bool $enableFullPeerDb): self`
* `getEnablePeerInfoDb(): bool`
* `setEnablePeerInfoDb(bool $enablePeerInfoDb): self`
* `hasChanged(): bool`

## Methods:
### `getEnableFileReferenceDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.



### `setEnableFileReferenceDb(bool $enableFileReferenceDb): self`

Set whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.


Parameters:
* `$enableFileReferenceDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.  



### `getEnableMinDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.



### `setEnableMinDb(bool $enableMinDb): self`

Set whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.


Parameters:
* `$enableMinDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.  



### `getEnableUsernameDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.



### `setEnableUsernameDb(bool $enableUsernameDb): self`

Set whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.


Parameters:
* `$enableUsernameDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.  



### `getEnableFullPeerDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.



### `setEnableFullPeerDb(bool $enableFullPeerDb): self`

Set whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.


Parameters:
* `$enableFullPeerDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.  



### `getEnablePeerInfoDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.



### `setEnablePeerInfoDb(bool $enablePeerInfoDb): self`

Set whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.


Parameters:
* `$enablePeerInfoDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.  



### `hasChanged(): bool`

Get whether this setting was changed, also applies changes.



---
Generated by [danog/phpdoc](https://phpdoc.daniil.it)
