---
title: danog\MadelineProto\Settings\RPC: RPC settings.
description: 

---
# `danog\MadelineProto\Settings\RPC`
[Back to index](../../../index.md)

> Author: Daniil Gentili <daniil@daniil.it>  
  

RPC settings.  




## Method list:
* `getRpcTimeout(): int`
* `setRpcTimeout(int $rpcTimeout): self`
* `getFloodTimeout(): int`
* `setFloodTimeout(int $floodTimeout): self`
* `getLimitIncoming(): int`
* `setLimitIncoming(int $limitIncoming): self`
* `getLimitOutgoing(): int`
* `setLimitOutgoing(int $limitOutgoing): self`
* `getLimitCallQueue(): int`
* `setLimitCallQueue(int $limitCallQueue): self`
* `getGzipEncodeIfGt(): int`
* `setGzipEncodeIfGt(int $gzipEncodeIfGt): self`
* `hasChanged(): bool`

## Methods:
### `getRpcTimeout(): int`

Get RPC timeout.



### `setRpcTimeout(int $rpcTimeout): self`

Set RPC timeout.


Parameters:
* `$rpcTimeout`: `int` RPC timeout.  



### `getFloodTimeout(): int`

Get flood timeout: if FLOOD_WAIT_ time is bigger than this, throw exception instead of waiting asynchronously.



### `setFloodTimeout(int $floodTimeout): self`

Set flood timeout: if FLOOD_WAIT_ time is bigger than this, throw exception instead of waiting asynchronously.


Parameters:
* `$floodTimeout`: `int` Flood timeout: if FLOOD_WAIT_ time is bigger than this, throw exception instead of waiting asynchronously  



### `getLimitIncoming(): int`

Get maximum number of messages to be stored in the incoming queue.



### `setLimitIncoming(int $limitIncoming): self`

Set maximum number of messages to be stored in the incoming queue.


Parameters:
* `$limitIncoming`: `int` Maximum number of messages to be stored in the incoming queue  



### `getLimitOutgoing(): int`

Get maximum number of messages to be stored in the outgoing queue.



### `setLimitOutgoing(int $limitOutgoing): self`

Set maximum number of messages to be stored in the outgoing queue.


Parameters:
* `$limitOutgoing`: `int` Maximum number of messages to be stored in the outgoing queue  



### `getLimitCallQueue(): int`

Get maximum number of messages to consider when using call queues.



### `setLimitCallQueue(int $limitCallQueue): self`

Set maximum number of messages to consider when using call queues.


Parameters:
* `$limitCallQueue`: `int` Maximum number of messages to consider when using call queues  



### `getGzipEncodeIfGt(): int`

Get encode payload with GZIP if bigger than.



### `setGzipEncodeIfGt(int $gzipEncodeIfGt): self`

Set encode payload with GZIP if bigger than.


Parameters:
* `$gzipEncodeIfGt`: `int` Encode payload with GZIP if bigger than  



### `hasChanged(): bool`

Get whether this setting was changed, also applies changes.



---
Generated by [danog/phpdoc](https://phpdoc.daniil.it)
