---
title: "danog\\MadelineProto\\EventHandler\\Message\\Service\\DialogPhotoChanged: The photo of the dialog was changed or deleted."
description: ""
image: "https://docs.madelineproto.xyz/favicons/android-chrome-256x256.png"
parent: "MadelineProto API"

---
# `danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Message\Service\DialogPhotoChanged`
[Back to index](../../../../../index.html)

> Author: Daniil Gentili <daniil@daniil.it>  
  

The photo of the dialog was changed or deleted.  



## Properties
* `$photo`: `?\danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Media\Photo` New photo (or no photo if it was deleted)
* `$id`: `int` Message ID
* `$out`: `bool` Whether the message is outgoing
* `$chatId`: `int` ID of the chat where the message was sent
* `$senderId`: `int` ID of the sender of the message
* `$replyToMsgId`: `?int` ID of the message to which this message is replying
* `$date`: `int` When was the message sent
* `$topicId`: `?int` ID of the forum topic where the message was sent
* `$threadId`: `?int` ID of the message thread where the message was sent
* `$replyToScheduled`: `bool` Whether this is a reply to a scheduled message
* `$mentioned`: `bool` Whether we were mentioned in this message
* `$silent`: `bool` Whether this message was sent without any notification (silently)
* `$ttlPeriod`: `?int` Time-to-live of the message

## Method list:
* [`__construct(\danog\MadelineProto\MTProto $API, array $rawMessage, ?\danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Media\Photo $photo)`](#__construct-danog-madelineproto-mtproto-api-array-rawmessage-danog-madelineproto-eventhandler-media-photo-photo)
* [`getReply(): ?self`](#getreply-self)
* [`delete(bool $revoke = true): void`](#delete-bool-revoke-true-void)
* [`reply(string $message, \"html"|\"markdown"|null $parseMode = \danog\MadelineProto\ParseMode::TEXT, array|null $replyMarkup = NULL, int|null $sendAs = NULL, int|null $scheduleDate = NULL, bool $silent = false, bool $noForwards = false, bool $background = false, bool $clearDraft = false, bool $noWebpage = false, bool $updateStickersetsOrder = false): \danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Message`](#reply-string-message-html-markdown-null-parsemode-danog-madelineproto-parsemode-text-array-null-replymarkup-null-int-null-sendas-null-int-null-scheduledate-null-bool-silent-false-bool-noforwards-false-bool-background-false-bool-cleardraft-false-bool-nowebpage-false-bool-updatestickersetsorder-false-danog-madelineproto-eventhandler-message)

## Methods:
### `__construct(\danog\MadelineProto\MTProto $API, array $rawMessage, ?\danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Media\Photo $photo)`




Parameters:

* `$API`: `\danog\MadelineProto\MTProto`   
* `$rawMessage`: `array`   
* `$photo`: `?\danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Media\Photo`   


#### See also: 
* `\danog\MadelineProto\MTProto`
* [`\danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Media\Photo`: Represents a photo.](../../../../../danog/MadelineProto/EventHandler/Media/Photo.html)




### `getReply(): ?self`

Get replied-to message.
May return null if the replied-to message was deleted.


### `delete(bool $revoke = true): void`

Delete the message.


Parameters:

* `$revoke`: `bool` Whether to delete the message for all participants of the chat.  



### `reply(string $message, \"html"|\"markdown"|null $parseMode = \danog\MadelineProto\ParseMode::TEXT, array|null $replyMarkup = NULL, int|null $sendAs = NULL, int|null $scheduleDate = NULL, bool $silent = false, bool $noForwards = false, bool $background = false, bool $clearDraft = false, bool $noWebpage = false, bool $updateStickersetsOrder = false): \danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Message`

Reply to the message.


Parameters:

* `$message`: `string` Message to send  
* `$parseMode`: `\"html"|\"markdown"|null` Parse mode  
* `$replyMarkup`: `array|null` Keyboard information.  
* `$sendAs`: `int|null` Peer to send the message as.  
* `$scheduleDate`: `int|null` Schedule date.  
* `$silent`: `bool` Whether to send the message silently, without triggering notifications.  
* `$noForwards`: `bool`   
* `$background`: `bool` Send this message as background message  
* `$clearDraft`: `bool` Clears the draft field  
* `$noWebpage`: `bool` Set this flag to disable generation of the webpage preview  
* `$updateStickersetsOrder`: `bool` Whether to move used stickersets to top  


#### See also: 
* [`\danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Message`: Represents an incoming or outgoing message.](../../../../../danog/MadelineProto/EventHandler/Message.html)




---
Generated by [danog/phpdoc](https://phpdoc.daniil.it)
