---
title: "danog\\MadelineProto\\EventHandler\\Query\\InlineButtonQuery: Represents a query sent by the user by clicking on a button in an inline message."
description: ""
image: "https://docs.madelineproto.xyz/favicons/android-chrome-256x256.png"
parent: "MadelineProto API"

---
# `danog\MadelineProto\EventHandler\Query\InlineButtonQuery`
[Back to index](../../../../index.html)

> Author: Daniil Gentili <daniil@daniil.it>  
  

Represents a query sent by the user by clicking on a button in an inline message.  



## Properties
* `$inlineMessageId`: `string` Inline message ID
* `$data`: `string` Data associated with the callback button. Be aware that a bad client can send arbitrary data in this field.
* `$matches`: `list<string>` Regex matches, if a filter regex is present.
* `$matchesAll`: `array<array-key, (array<array-key, (list{string, int} | null | string)> | mixed)>` 
Regex matches, if a filter multiple match regex is present
* `$queryId`: `int` Query ID
* `$userId`: `int` ID of the user that pressed the button
* `$chatInstance`: `int` Global identifier, uniquely corresponding to the chat to which the message with the callback button was sent. Useful for high scores in games.

## Method list:
* [`editText(string $message, (array|null) $replyMarkup = NULL, ParseMode $parseMode = \danog\MadelineProto\ParseMode::TEXT, bool $noWebpage = false): void`](#editText)
* [`editReplyMarkup(array $replyMarkup): void`](#editReplyMarkup)
* [`answer(?string $message = NULL, bool $alert = false, (string|null) $url = NULL, int $cacheTime = 300): bool`](#answer)

## Methods:
### <a name="editText"></a> `editText(string $message, (array|null) $replyMarkup = NULL, ParseMode $parseMode = \danog\MadelineProto\ParseMode::TEXT, bool $noWebpage = false): void`

Edit message text.


Parameters:

* `$message`: `string` New message  
* `$replyMarkup`: `(array|null)` Reply markup for inline keyboards  
* `$parseMode`: `ParseMode` Whether to parse HTML or Markdown markup in the message  
* `$noWebpage`: `bool` Disable webpage preview  


#### See also: 
* `ParseMode`




### <a name="editReplyMarkup"></a> `editReplyMarkup(array $replyMarkup): void`

Edit message keyboard.


Parameters:

* `$replyMarkup`: `array` Reply markup for inline keyboards  



### <a name="answer"></a> `answer(?string $message = NULL, bool $alert = false, (string|null) $url = NULL, int $cacheTime = 300): bool`




Parameters:

* `$message`: `?string` Popup to show  
* `$alert`: `bool` Whether to show the message as a popup instead of a toast notification  
* `$url`: `(string|null)` URL to open  
* `$cacheTime`: `int` Cache validity (default set to 5 min based on telegram official docs ...)  



---
Generated by [danog/phpdoc](https://phpdoc.daniil.it)
