---
title: "danog\\MadelineProto\\Settings\\Database\\DatabaseAbstract: Base class for database backends."
description: ""
image: "https://docs.madelineproto.xyz/favicons/android-chrome-256x256.png"
parent: "MadelineProto API"

---
# `danog\MadelineProto\Settings\Database\DatabaseAbstract`
[Back to index](../../../../index.html)

> Author: Daniil Gentili <daniil@daniil.it>  
  

Base class for database backends.  




## Method list:
* `getKey()`
* `getCacheTtl()`
* `setCacheTtl(int|string $cacheTtl)`
* `getPassword()`
* `setPassword(string $password)`
* `getDatabase(): string|int`
* `getUri()`
* `setDatabase(int|string $database)`
* `setUri()`
* `getEnableFileReferenceDb()`
* `setEnableFileReferenceDb(bool $enableFileReferenceDb)`
* `getEnableMinDb()`
* `setEnableMinDb(bool $enableMinDb)`
* `getEnableUsernameDb()`
* `setEnableUsernameDb(bool $enableUsernameDb)`
* `getEnableFullPeerDb()`
* `setEnableFullPeerDb(bool $enableFullPeerDb)`
* `getEnablePeerInfoDb()`
* `setEnablePeerInfoDb(bool $enablePeerInfoDb)`

## Methods:
### `getKey()`

Get DB key.



### `getCacheTtl()`

Get for how long to keep records in memory after last read, for cached backends.



### `setCacheTtl(int|string $cacheTtl)`

Set for how long to keep records in memory after last read, for cached backends.
The cache TTL identifier can be a string like '+5 minutes'.
When data is retrieved from a database it is stored in memory.
This helps to reduce latency, improve speed and reduce mysql/postgres/redis load.
Data will be removed from the cache if last access was more than this amount of time.
Clean up is done once per minute.

Parameters:

* `$cacheTtl`: `int|string` For how long to keep records in memory after last read, for cached backends.  



### `getPassword()`

Get password.



### `setPassword(string $password)`

Set password.


Parameters:

* `$password`: `string` Password.  



### `getDatabase(): string|int`

Get database name/ID.



### `getUri()`

Get database URI.



### `setDatabase(int|string $database)`

Set database name/ID.


Parameters:

* `$database`: `int|string`   



### `setUri()`

Set database URI.



### `getEnableFileReferenceDb()`

Get whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.



### `setEnableFileReferenceDb(bool $enableFileReferenceDb)`

Set whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.


Parameters:

* `$enableFileReferenceDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.  



### `getEnableMinDb()`

Get whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.



### `setEnableMinDb(bool $enableMinDb)`

Set whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.


Parameters:

* `$enableMinDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.  



### `getEnableUsernameDb()`

Get whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.



### `setEnableUsernameDb(bool $enableUsernameDb)`

Set whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.


Parameters:

* `$enableUsernameDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.  



### `getEnableFullPeerDb()`

Get whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.



### `setEnableFullPeerDb(bool $enableFullPeerDb)`

Set whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.


Parameters:

* `$enableFullPeerDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.  



### `getEnablePeerInfoDb()`

Get whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.



### `setEnablePeerInfoDb(bool $enablePeerInfoDb)`

Set whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.


Parameters:

* `$enablePeerInfoDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.  



---
Generated by [danog/phpdoc](https://phpdoc.daniil.it)
