---
title: "danog\\MadelineProto\\Settings\\DatabaseAbstract: Base class for storage backends."
description: ""
image: "https://docs.madelineproto.xyz/favicons/android-chrome-256x256.png"
parent: "MadelineProto API"

---
# `danog\MadelineProto\Settings\DatabaseAbstract`
[Back to index](../../../index.html)

> Author: Daniil Gentili <daniil@daniil.it>  
  

Base class for storage backends.  




## Method list:
* [`getEnableFileReferenceDb(): bool`](#getenablefilereferencedb-bool)
* [`setEnableFileReferenceDb(bool $enableFileReferenceDb): self`](#setenablefilereferencedb-bool-enablefilereferencedb-self)
* [`getEnableMinDb(): bool`](#getenablemindb-bool)
* [`setEnableMinDb(bool $enableMinDb): self`](#setenablemindb-bool-enablemindb-self)
* [`getEnableUsernameDb(): bool`](#getenableusernamedb-bool)
* [`setEnableUsernameDb(bool $enableUsernameDb): self`](#setenableusernamedb-bool-enableusernamedb-self)
* [`getEnableFullPeerDb(): bool`](#getenablefullpeerdb-bool)
* [`setEnableFullPeerDb(bool $enableFullPeerDb): self`](#setenablefullpeerdb-bool-enablefullpeerdb-self)
* [`getEnablePeerInfoDb(): bool`](#getenablepeerinfodb-bool)
* [`setEnablePeerInfoDb(bool $enablePeerInfoDb): self`](#setenablepeerinfodb-bool-enablepeerinfodb-self)
* [`getDriverClass(): class-string<\danog\MadelineProto\Db\DbArray>`](#getdriverclass-class-string-danog-madelineproto-db-dbarray)

## Methods:
### `getEnableFileReferenceDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.



### `setEnableFileReferenceDb(bool $enableFileReferenceDb): self`

Set whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.


Parameters:

* `$enableFileReferenceDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the file reference database. If disabled, will break file downloads.  



### `getEnableMinDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.



### `setEnableMinDb(bool $enableMinDb): self`

Set whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.


Parameters:

* `$enableMinDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the min database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) in certain conditions.  



### `getEnableUsernameDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.



### `setEnableUsernameDb(bool $enableUsernameDb): self`

Set whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.


Parameters:

* `$enableUsernameDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the username database. If disabled, will break sendMessage (and other methods) with usernames.  



### `getEnableFullPeerDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.



### `setEnableFullPeerDb(bool $enableFullPeerDb): self`

Set whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.


Parameters:

* `$enableFullPeerDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the full peer info database. If disabled, will break getFullInfo.  



### `getEnablePeerInfoDb(): bool`

Get whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.



### `setEnablePeerInfoDb(bool $enablePeerInfoDb): self`

Set whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.


Parameters:

* `$enablePeerInfoDb`: `bool` Whether to enable the peer info database. If disabled, will break getInfo.  



### `getDriverClass(): class-string<\danog\MadelineProto\Db\DbArray>`




#### See also: 
* [`\danog\MadelineProto\Db\DbArray`: DB array interface.](../../../danog/MadelineProto/Db/DbArray.html)




---
Generated by [danog/phpdoc](https://phpdoc.daniil.it)
